Add desktop file and Numbat icons to assets (#294)
sharkdp/numbat: book/src/cli-installation.md

In order to test that everything is working as intended, you can open `numbat` and type `let meter = 2`. The
path in the error message should point to the specified location (and *not* to `<builtin>/…`).

> Additionally, it's a good idea to install `assets/numbat.desktop` and `assets/numbat-*x*.png` to their appropriate locations (typically `/usr/share/applications` and `/usr/share/icons` respectively) so that users can e.g. launch Numbat from GNOME's applications search.

Author: This paragraph (or at least the desktop file part) is specific to operating systems that deal with desktop files (e.g. desktop Linux and FreeBSD), so I should note that as it does not apply to Windows, macOS, and possibly others. Suggestions on how to rephrase?

Reviewer: Is there a way to install `numbat.desktop` to a user-local location that doesn't require root permissions?  Like in `~/.local/share/applications/` ? If so, let's document that here, too

Author: Installing it to `~/.local/share/applications` works, but this is a packaging guide so I don't think it's the appropriate place.

Author: Also, I need to check what's the difference between `/usr/share/icons` and `/usr/share/pixmaps`...

Reviewer: Ah, I hadn't noticed that your new text was added into the packaging section.  ok 👍

Reviewer 2: > This paragraph (or at least the desktop file part) is specific to operating systems that deal with desktop files (e.g. desktop Linux and FreeBSD), so I should note that as it does not apply to Windows, macOS, and possibly others. Suggestions on how to rephrase?

Maybe simply

```suggestion
If your OS uses `.desktop` files, you might also want to install `assets/numbat.desktop` and `assets/numbat-*x*.png` to their appropriate locations (typically `/usr/share/applications` and `/usr/share/icons` respectively) so that users can e.g. launch Numbat from GNOME's applications search.
```
